AUTHOR: JennJenn
Q:(Angel Sanctuary) Which angel is assigned to serve as Setsuna's guardian angel?
A:Jibril
A:Gabriel
Q:(Angel Sanctuary) Who is the first angel that Setsuna meets?
A:Rosiel
Q:(Angel Sanctuary) Who was the first demon to contact Setsuna?
A:Kurai
Q:(Attack on Titan) "I just don't want those charred bones I saw to be disappointed in me. I... I know what I have to do now." Who said this?
A:Jean
Q:(Attack on Titan) "Only the victors are allowed to live. This world is merciless like that." Who said this?
A:Mikasa
Q:(Attack on Titan) How many men did Eren kill during the scene in which he rescued the kidnapped Misaka when they were children Q:(Shingeki no Kyojin)?
A:2
A:two
Q:(Attack on Titan) What color flare is used when the mission is over whether or nor it was a success?
A:Yellow
Q:(Attack on Titan) What did Carla do for a living before she met Grisha?
A:waitress
Q:(Attack on Titan) What is the name of the newspaper in the Stohess district?
A:Berg Newspaper
A:Berg
Q:(Attack on Titan) What is the name of the wall in Wall Sina's northern district?
A:Orvud
Q:(Attack on Titan) What is the outer wall named Q:(The one taken by the titans)?
A:Wall Maria
A:Maria
Q:(Attack on Titan) What protects the Colossal titan?
A:Steam
Q:(Attack on Titan) What was the name of Historia's mother?
A:Alma
Q:(Attack on Titan) What was the name of Levi's mother?
A:Kuchel
Q:(Attack on Titan) Which character loves to eat?
A:Sasha Blouse
A:Sasha
Q:(Attack on Titan) Who did Grisha eat in order to steal the Coordinate?
A:Frieda Reiss
A:Frieda
Q:(Attack on Titan) Who is the main character?
A:Eren Yeager
A:Eren
Q:(Attack on Titan) Who killed Rod Reiss?
A:Historia
Q:(Attack on Titan) Who ruined Eren's equipment when they were trainees?
A:Keith Shadis
A:Keith
A:Shadis
Q:(Attack on Titan) Who taught Annie how to fight?
A:Her father
A:Father
Q:(Attack on Titan) Who would become the commander of the Scouting Legion if something were to happen to Erwin?
A:Hange
Q:(Beserk) When you first are introduced to the main character, Guts, he refers to himself by what name?
A:The Black Swordsman
A:Black Swordsman
Q:(Beyblade) What is the name of Emily's bitbeast?
A:Trygator
Q:(Black Butler) Which character is the head of the Phantomhive household?
A:Ciel Phantomhive
A:Ciel
Q:(Black Butler) Who is the British monarch in Black Butler's time period?
A:Victoria I
A:Queen Victoria I
Q:(Black Cat) How many members of Chronos were there originally?
A:13
A:thirteen
Q:(Black Cat) Out of which material are Train Heartnet's gun and bullets mainly made of?
A:orichalcum
Q:(Black Cat) Who is the main character?
A:Train Heartnet
Q:(Bleach) How many times have Ichigo and Renji battled?
A:2
A:two
Q:(Bleach) Human mediums, having the ability to detect the existence of Hollows?
A:Quincy
Q:(Bleach) Jigokucho which are used as messengers in Soul Society are what type of animal?
A:Butterfly
Q:(Bleach) What are the artificial bodies used by Shinigami in the World of the Living?
A:Gigai
Q:(Bleach) What is a Hollow that has removed its mask and has gained Shinigami-like powers?
A:Arrancar
Q:(Bleach) What is the name of Hitsugaya Toshirou's Zanpakutou?
A:Hyourinmaru
Q:(Bleach) What is the name of Ichigo's Zanpakutou?
A:Zangetsu
Q:(Bleach) What is the name of Karin's twin?
A:Yuzu
Q:(Bleach) What is the name of Orihime's power which is manifested through her hairpins?
A:Shun Shun Rikka
Q:(Bleach) What is the name of Urahara's Zanpakutou?
A:Benihime
Q:(Bleach) What is the ritual performed by Shinigami to send Pluses to Soul Society?
A:Konso
Q:(Bleach) What squad is Toushiro Hitsugaya the captain of?
A:10
A:10th
A:tenth
A:ten
Q:(Bleach) Who are Shinigami who have obtained Hollow powers?
A:Visored
Q:(Bleach) Who are the top ranked Arrancar?
A:Espada
Q:(Bleach) Who does Orikasa Fumiko voice?
A:Rukia
Q:(Blue Exorcist) What is the name of Rin Okumura's twin brother?
A:Yukio Okumura
A:Yukio
Q:(Chobits) What is the first thing that came on the screen in episode 1?
A:cow
Q:(Code Geass) Aside from Britannia and the Chinese Federation, what is the third major superpower in the world?
A:Europia United
Q:(Code Geass) At the very end, how many characters were aware of Lelouch's true intentions?
A:4
A:four
Q:(Code Geass) The character Li Xingke is a member of which group?
A:the chinese federation
A:chinese federation
Q:(Code Geass) The leader of the Four Holy Swords is named...?
A:General Kyoshiro Tohdoh
A:general tohdoh
A:kyoshiro tohdoh
A:tohdoh
Q:(Code Geass) Wat was the name of the academy Lelouch went to?
A:Ashford Academy
A:Ashford
Q:(Code Geass) What are the structures associated with Geass that work through a person's memories?
A:Thought Elevator
Q:(Code Geass) What game does Lelouch skip school to play?
A:chess
Q:(Code Geass) What is Villetta Nu's Japanese name?
A:Chigusa
Q:(Code Geass) What is also known as the "Power of Kings"?
A:Geass
Q:(Code Geass) What is the capitol of the Holy Britannian Empire?
A:Pendragon
Q:(Code Geass) What is the name of Lelouch and Nunnally's maid?
A:Sayoko Shinozaki
A:Sayoko
Q:(Code Geass) What is the name of Suzaku's cat?
A:Arthur
Q:(Code Geass) What is the name of the Indian scientist and the head of the Black Knights' research and development team?
A:Rakshata Chawla
A:Rakshata
Q:(Code Geass) What is the name of the Knightmare Frame custom built for Kyoshiro Tohdoh by the Militarized Zone of India?
A:Zangetsu
Q:(Code Geass) What is the name of the aerial carrier of the Black Knights?
A:Ikaruga
Q:(Code Geass) What is the name of the coalition of states created to counter Britannia?
A:United Federation of Nations
Q:(Code Geass) What is the name of the elite unit commanded by Kyoshiro Tohdoh?
A:Four Holy Swords
Q:(Code Geass) What is the name of the floating fortress developed by the Toromo Agency at Cambodia?
A:Damocles
Q:(Code Geass) What is the name of the group of 8 men who controlled the Chinese Federation through the Empress?
A:High Eunuchs
A:the high eunuchs
Q:(Code Geass) What is the name of the warhead developed by Nina?
A:F.L.E.I.J.A.
A:FLEIJA
Q:(Code Geass) What was the white Knightmare Frame piloted by Suzaku called?
A:Lancelot
Q:(Code Geass) Who becomes mentally unstable after Euphemia's death?
A:Nina Einstein
A:Nina
Q:(Code Geass) Who did Marianne vi Britannia transfer her consciousness into?
A:Anya Alstreim
A:Anya
Q:(Code Geass) Who had a geass which allows them to telepathically hear the conscious thoughts of anyone within an radius of five hundred meters?
A:Mao
Q:(Code Geass) Who had a geass which gave them the power to be loved?
A:C.C.
A:cc
Q:(Code Geass) Who has the codename "Q-1"?
A:Kallen Kozuki
A:Kallen Stadtfeld
A:Kallen
Q:(Code Geass) Who is Suzaku's cousin?
A:Kaguya Sumeragi
A:Kaguya
Q:(Code Geass) Who is in love with Tohdoh?
A:Nagisa Chiba
A:Chiba
Q:(Code Geass) Who is the Eunuch Gao Hai executed by?
A:Li Xingke
A:Xingke
Q:(Code Geass) Who is the Knight of Three?
A:Gino Weinberg
A:Gino
Q:(Code Geass) Who is the Knight of Zero?
A:Suzaku Kururugi
A:Suzaku
Q:(Code Geass) Who is the Secretary of the Ashford Academy Student Council?
A:Rivalz Cardemonde
A:Rivalz
Q:(Code Geass) Who is the first prince of Britannia?
A:Odysseus eu Britannia
A:Odysseus
Q:(Code Geass) Who is the head of the swimming club?
A:Villetta Nu
A:Villetta
Q:(Code Geass) Who is the leader of the Chinese Federation?
A:Empress Tianzi
A:Tianzi
Q:(Code Geass) Who is the leader of the United Federation of Nations?
A:Kaguya Sumeragi
A:Kaguya
Q:(Code Geass) Who is the only female member of the Four Holy Swords?
A:Nagisa Chiba
A:Chiba
Q:(Code Geass) Who is the second prince of the Britannian Imperial Family and the only person Lelouch was unable to beat at chess as a child?
A:Schneizel el Britannia
A:Schneizel
Q:(Code Geass) Who is the second princess of Britannia also known as the "Witch of Britannia"?
A:Cornelia li Britannia
A:Cornelia
Q:(Code Geass) Who killed prince clovis?
A:lelouch
Q:(Code Geass) Who kills Shirley?
A:Rolo Lamperouge
A:Rolo
Q:(Code Geass) Who piloted the Knightmare Frame known as "Tristan"?
A:Gino Weinberg
A:Gino
Q:(Code Geass) Who piloted the Knightmare Frame named "Mordred"?
A:Anya Alstreim
A:Anya
Q:(Code Geass) Who piloted the Knightmare Frame named "Percival"?
A:Luciano Bradley
A:Luciano
Q:(Code Geass) Who rescues Villetta Nu after her amnesia?
A:Kaname Ohgi
A:Ohgi
Q:(Code Geass) Who unknowingly killed Shirley's father?
A:Kallen Kozuki
A:Kallen Stadtfeld
A:Kallen
Q:(Cowboy Bebop) What is the villan Vicious's weapon of choice?
A:katana
Q:(Cowboy Bebop) Who dies?
A:Spike
Q:(Crimson Hero) Who is the first girl to join Nobara as she tries to form a volleyball team?
A:Ayako Mochida
A:Ayako
Q:(Death Note) If L sits normally, he claims his deductive reasoning reasoning will drop by what percent?
A:40
A:Forty
Q:(Death Note) What did L tell the Japanese Task Force to call him?
A:Ryuzaki
Q:(Death Note) What does L hate?
A:Socks
Q:(Death Note) What does SPK stand for?
A:Special Provision for Kira
Q:(Death Note) What is L's real name?
A:L Lawliet
Q:(Death Note) What is Light's last name?
A:Yagami
Q:(Death Note) What is Ryuuku's favorite food?
A:Apple
Q:(Death Note) What is the character Mello Q:(Mihael Keehl) addicted to eating?
A:Chocolate
Q:(Death Note) What is the default way the Death Note kills?
A:cardiac paralysis
Q:(Death Note) What is the name of the Shinigami that owns the Death Note Light Yagami uses?
A:Ryuk
Q:(Death Note) What is the title of the final chapter of death note manga?
A:Finis
Q:(Death Note) What nickname is given to Raito Q:(Light) after he finds the Death Note?
A:Kira
Q:(Death Note) What was the name of the inside man in the Yotsuba group?
A:Renji Namikawa
Q:(Death Note) When Misa meets Light, what is her occupation?
A:Model
Q:(Death Note) Who did L always call an idiot?
A:Matsuda
Q:(Death Note) Who did the first Death Note to be picked up belong to?
A:Sidoh
Q:(Death Note) Who is the first Kira?
A:Light Yagami
A:Light
Q:(Death Note) Who is the second Kira?
A:Misa Amane
A:misa
Q:(Death Note) Who is the third Kira?
A:Kyosuke Higuchi
A:Kyosuke
Q:(Death Note) Who was L's butler/caregiver/handler?
A:Watari
Q:(Death Note) Who was the first person that Light killed?
A:Kurou Otoharada
A:Kurou
A:Otoharada
Q:(Demon Diary) Who is Raenef's demon tutor?
A:Eclipse
Q:(Demon Diary) Who is the current Demon Lord in the series?
A:Raenef V
Q:(Detective Conan) What is Shinichi Kudo's best sport?
A:soccer
A:football
Q:(Detective Conan) Who is Tooru Amuro?
A:Bourbon
A:Rei Furuya
Q:(Digimon) What was Taichi Kamiya's first Digimon?
A:Botamon
Q:(Digimon) Which year was the American adaptation of "Digimon: The Movie" released?
A:2000
Q:(Doubt) At the end, who was is actual wolf?
A:Rei Hazama
A:Rei
Q:(Dragon Ball Z) How many dragon balls are there?
A:7
A:seven
Q:(Dragon Ball Z) What race is Piccolo?
A:Namekian
A:Nameks
Q:(Dragon Ball Z) Which android is the only one who marries?
A:18
Q:(Dragon Ball Z) Who does a complete set of dragon balls summon?
A:Shenron
Q:(Dragon Ball Z) Who kills Frieza?
A:Future Trunks
A:Trunks
Q:(Dragon Ball Z) Who sacrifices his life for Gohan from an incoming blast from Nappa in the Saiyan Saga?
A:Piccolo
Q:(Durarara) What is the name of the hot tempered bar tender with super human strength?
A:Shizuo
Q:(Fairy Tail) Aside from Wendy, who is the other Sky Sister?
A:Sherria
Q:(Fairy Tail) What are Laxus' followers called?
A:Thunder God Tribe
Q:(Fairy Tail) What is Erza's favorite brand of armor?
A:Heart Kreuz
Q:(Fairy Tail) What is Gray's last name?
A:Fullbuster
Q:(Fairy Tail) What is Lucy's last name?
A:Heartfilia
Q:(Fairy Tail) What is the brand of Erza's casual armor?
A:Heart Kreuz
Q:(Fairy Tail) What is the name of the dragon that raised Natsu in Fairy Tail?
A:Igneel
Q:(Fairy Tail) What type of magic does Jura use?
A:Earth Magic
A:Earth
Q:(Fairy Tail) Where did Lucy get her guild mark?
A:Right hand
Q:(Fairy Tail) Where is Natsu's guild mark?
A:Right shoulder
Q:(Fairy Tail) Where is the holy ground for the guild Fairy Tail?
A:Tenrou Island
Q:(Fairy Tail) Where is the location of the Fairy Tail guildhouse?
A:Magnolia Town
A:Magnolia
Q:(Fairy Tail) Which continent do the Ten Wizard Saints come from?
A:Ishgar
Q:(Fairy Tail) Who has the power "Satan Soul"?
A:Mirajane
Q:(Fairy Tail) Who is Cana's father?
A:Gildarts
Q:(Fairy Tail) Who is Evergreen romantically involved with?
A:Elfman
Q:(Fairy Tail) Who is also known as Titania?
A:Erza Scarlet
A:Erza
Q:(Fairy Tail) Who is the leader of the guild Lamia Scale?
A:Ooba Babasaama
A:Ooba
Q:(Fairy Tail) Who taught Gray his magic?
A:Ur
Q:(Fairy Tail) Who uses Arc of Time magic?
A:Ultear
Q:(Fairy Tail) Who was able to use the skill "Fairy Glitter"?
A:Cana
Q:(Fairy Tail) Who was the first guild master of Fairy Tail?
A:Mavis
Q:(Fooly Cooly) How many manga-like Q:(comic-like) scenes are there in total?
A:2
A:two
Q:(Fooly Cooly) There are a couple of scenes where you see the commander getting a haircut. What popular show's animation resembles the special animation in this scene?
A:South Park
Q:(Fruits Basket) What Zodiac animal is Kyo Sohma?
A:cat
Q:(Fruits Basket) What is the kind of animal does Momiji turn into?
A:rabbit
A:bunny
Q:(Fruits Basket) What is the last name of the cursed family Tohru stays with?
A:Sohma
Q:(Fruits Basket) What spirit is Akito possessed by?
A:God
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) According To Fuhrer Bradley What Is Roy's Weakness?
A:Riza
A:Riza Hawkeye
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) Alex Louis Armstrong is also known as the __ Alchemist?
A:Strong Arm
A:strongarm
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) Basque Grand is known as the __ Alchemist?
A:Iron Blood
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) Colonel Roy Mustang is also known as the Alchemist of__?
A:Flame
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) For the majority of the series, where is Mustang stationed at?
A:East headquarters
A:East HQ
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) How is Envy related to Ed and Al?
A:brother
A:brothers
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) How old was Edward when he became a state alchemist?
A:12
A:twelve
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) How tall is Edward?
A:4'6"
A:four and a half feet
A:four foot six inches
A:four foot 6
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) In the manga what is the date in Ed's pocket watch?
A:3.Oct.10
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) Shou Tucker was known as the __ Alchemist?
A:Sewing Life
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) Solf J. Kimblee is known as the ___ Alchemist?
A:Crimson
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) The Father of the Homunculi can stop which style of alchemy?
A:Western Armestris
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) What Language is Riza's Tattoo Writen In?
A:Latin
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) What are Colonel Mustang's gloves made of?
A:ignition cloth
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) What are Winry and Pinako Rockbell best known for making?
A:Automail
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) What did Ed give up to revive his mother?
A:left leg
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) What did Ed sacrifice in order to seal his brother's soul into a suit of armour?
A:right arm
A:arm
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) What does Edward hate to drink?
A:milk
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) What does Roy Mustang give in exchange to go through the portal?
A:His eyesight
A:eyesight
A:vision
A:sight
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) What does Winry do for a living?
A:mechanic
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) What is Edward's and Alphonse's last name?
A:Elric
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) What is Envy's nickname for Edward?
A:Fullmetal pipsqueak
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) What is King Bradley aka Pride's son called?
A:Selim
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) What is Winry's last name?
A:Rockbell
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) What is the automotive armored prostheses?
A:automail
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) What is the name of Ed and Al's mother?
A:Trisha Elric
A:Trisha
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) What is the name of the Ishbalan people's god?
A:Ishbala
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) What is the name of the Ishbalan who hates State Alchemists and murders them because he thinks it is an act of God?
A:Scar
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) What is the name of transmutation circle used to make the Philosopher Stone?
A:Grand Arcanum
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) What is the symbol on the back of Edward's red coat called?
A:flammel
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) What room number is the Fuhrer's?
A:103
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) What's Hughes's daughter's name?
A:Elicia
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) When Mustang was forced to do human transmutation in "fma: brotherhood" what did he loose?
A:eyesight
A:vision
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) Which Homunculus uses carbon as their power?
A:Greed
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) Which homunculus was the Fuhrer?
A:Pride
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) Who Says This “I have no desire to live a carefree, happy life alone..."?
A:Riza
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) Who is Colonel Mustang's best friend?
A:Maes Hughes
A:Hughes
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) Who is Ed's father?
A:Hohenheim
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) Who is a pseudo Gate of Truth?
A:Gluttony
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) Who is known as the Northern Wall of Briggs?
A:Olivier Mira Armstrong
A:Olivier Armstrong
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) Who is the only female Homunculus?
A:Lust
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) Who kills Hughes?
A:Envy
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) Who kills Lust?
A:Colonel Mustang
A:Mustang
A:Roy mustang
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) Who sparked the Ishval Civil War?
A:Envy
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) Who taught the Elric brothers alchemy?
A:Izumi Curtis
A:Izumi
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) Who was the second Homunculus created by Father?
A:Lust
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) Whose nickname is the "Ultimate Spear"?
A:Lust
Q:(Fullmetal Alchemist) what is the first law of alchemy?
A:equivalent exchange
Q:(Fushigi Yuugi) Miaka is the priestess of what?
A:Suzaku
Q:(Fushigi Yuugi) The world of Fushigi Yuugi is based on the ancient form of what country?
A:China
Q:(Fushigi Yuugi: Genbu Kaiden) After being sucked into the book, who is the first person Takiko meets?
A:Female Uruki
A:Uruki
Q:(Gakuen Alice) What color is Mikan's Alice stone?
A:Mandarin orange
Q:(Gundam) How many rounds of ammunition does Gundam Wing Zero Custom's Buster Rifle have?
A:3
A:three
Q:(Gundam) What is the name of the final Gundam used by Shiro in 08th MS Team?
A:Ez-8
Q:(Gundam) What is the original Gundam?
A:RX-78
Q:(Hellsing) What country does the series take place in?
A:England
Q:(Hellsing) What is the name of Alucard's black gun?
A:"Hellsing ARMS 13mm Auto Anti-Freak Combat Pistol: Jackal"
A:Jackal
A:Hellsing ARMS 13mm Auto Anti-Freak Combat Pistol Jackal
A:"13mm Auto Anti-Freak Combat Pistol: Jackal"
Q:(Hellsing) What is the name of Alucard's silver gun?
A:Hellsing ARMS .454 Casull Auto
A:Casull
A:.454 Casull Auto
Q:(Hetalia) Who did America grow up with?
A:England
Q:(Hetalia) Who does Holy Rome have a crush on?
A:Italy
Q:(Highschool Of The Dead) What are zombie's sensitive to?
A:sound
Q:(InuYasha) InuYasha is half __ demon?
A:dog
Q:(InuYasha) Inuyasha's sword is called what?
A:Tessaiga
A:Tetsusaiga
Q:(InuYasha) What is the name of the baby that Naraku holds his human heart in?
A:Hakudoshi
Q:(InuYasha) Who does Inuyasha mistake Kagome for?
A:Kikyo
Q:(InuYasha) Who is the leader of the wolf demons?
A:Koga
A:kouga
Q:(InuYasha) Who was the demon of hair?
A:Yura
Q:(Inuyasha) What is the name of Sango's demon cat?
A:kirara
Q:(Kamikaze Kaito Jeanne) Who is the new student who moves next door to Maron?
A:Chiaki
Q:(Kekkaishi) What are the demons/yokai of the series called?
A:Ayakashi
Q:(Kodomo no Omocha) How old are Sana and her friends at the start of the series?
A:11
A:Eleven
Q:(Love Hina) At the beginning of the series, how many times has Keitaro failed the Tokyo University entrance exam?
A:2
A:Two
Q:(Love Hina) In the Christmas special, what did Keitarou buy Naru?
A:Coat
A:jacket
Q:(Love Hina) What was the samurai girl's name?
A:Aoyama
A:Aoyama Motoko
Q:(Love Stage!!) Izumi Sena, the main protagonist, is a college student and the youngest child of a family in the entertainment industry. Unlike his family, Izumi does not want to go into show business. What does he dream of becoming instead?
A:mangaka
A:manga artist
A:manga author
Q:(Magic Knight Rayearth) Thee three heroines, Hikaru, Umi and Fuu, have powers associated with different elements. What kind of elemental spells does Umi use?
A:water
Q:(Mamotte! Lollipop) Which wizard in training is forced to cross-dress on several occasions by his teammate?
A:Forte
Q:(Mamotte! Lollipop) Who is the main protagonist?
A:Nina Yamada
A:Nina
Q:(Midnight Secretary) Who is the main female character?
A:Kaya Satozuka
A:Kaya
Q:(Naruto) All members of what group are S-rank criminals?
A:Akatsuki
Q:(Naruto) D-rank missions are usually given to what level of shinobi?
A:Genin
Q:(Naruto) Name one of Sarutobi's disciples?
A:Orochimaru
A:Jiraiya
A:Tsunade
Q:(Naruto) Naruto first shows his nine-tails chakra when he fights who?
A:Haku
Q:(Naruto) The Sharingan is what type of jutsu?
A:Doujutsu
Q:(Naruto) What animal does the one-tailed beast resemble?
A:Tanuki
A:Japanese Raccoon Dog
A:Raccoon
Q:(Naruto) What does the symbol on Gaara's forehead mean?
A:Love
Q:(Naruto) What is Naruto's favorite food?
A:Ramen
Q:(Naruto) What is involved to use most summoning techniques?
A:blood
Q:(Naruto) What is the Third Hokage's first name?
A:Hiruzen
Q:(Naruto) What is the Third Hokage's last name?
A:Sarutobi
Q:(Naruto) What is the forbidden technique used by Rock Lee that he used on Dosu and Gaara?
A:Primary Lotus
Q:(Naruto) What is the last hand sign for the Uchiha Clan's Katon: Gokakyu no Jutsu?
A:Tiger
Q:(Naruto) What is the name of Naruto's son?
A:Boruto Uzumaki
A:Boruto
Q:(Naruto) What is the name of the Biju inside Gaara?
A:Shukaku
Q:(Naruto) What is the name of the nine-tailed beast?
A:Kurama
Q:(Naruto) What is the name of the slug summoned by Tsunade and Sakura?
A:Katsuyu
Q:(Naruto) What is the relationship between Hinata and Hanabi Hyuga?
A:sisters
A:sister
Q:(Naruto) What is the special Kekkei Genkai/Bloodline Limit of the Hyuga clan?
A:Byakugan
Q:(Naruto) What is the word for a female ninja?
A:Kunoichi
Q:(Naruto) What legendary ninja was known as "Konoha's White Fang?
A:Sakumo Hatake
A:Sakumo
A:Hatake Sakumo
Q:(Naruto) What village does Naruto belong to?
A:Konohagakure
Q:(Naruto) What's the name of Shizune's pet pig?
A:Tonton
Q:(Naruto) When in The Forest Of Death, Orochimaru disguises himself as a ninja from what village?
A:Grass
Q:(Naruto) Where did the Uzumaki clan originate from?
A:Uzushiogakure
A:Land of Whirlpools
A:Hidden Eddy Village
Q:(Naruto) Where does Ino wear her ninja headband?
A:Hip
Q:(Naruto) Which Sound ninja has a kekkei genkai ability called Shikotsu Myaku?
A:Kimimaro Kaguya
A:Kimimaro
Q:(Naruto) Which clan is Karin a member of?
A:Uzumaki
Q:(Naruto) Which country has the samurai?
A:Land of Iron
A:Iron
Q:(Naruto) Which jutsu does Rock Lee use?
A:taijutsu
Q:(Naruto) Who cut Sakura's hair off?
A:Sakura
Q:(Naruto) Who gave Kakashi his Sharingan eye?
A:Obito Uchiha
A:Obito
Q:(Naruto) Who has had amnesia when the person was a child?
A:Kabuto
Q:(Naruto) Who is Negi's cousin?
A:Hinata Hyuga
A:Hinata
Q:(Naruto) Who is officially the Sixth Hokage at the end of the manga series?
A:Kakashi
Q:(Naruto) Who is the proctor for the second stage of the Chunin Exams?
A:Anko Mitarashi
Q:(Naruto) Who is the second hokage of Konoha?
A:Tobirama Senju
A:Tobirama
A:Senju
Q:(Naruto) Who revived Gaara when the Biju was taken out of him?
A:Chiyo
Q:(Naruto) Who tricked Naruto into stealing a sacred scroll?
A:Mizuki
Q:(Naruto) Who used the Six Red Yang Formation?
A:Obito
Q:(Naruto) Who uses the Yin Seal?
A:Tsunade
A:sakura
Q:(Naruto) Who was Naruto's teacher at the ninja academy?
A:Iruka
Q:(Naruto) Who was suggested as hokage while Tsunade was in a coma?
A:Kakashi
Q:(Naruto) Who writes the Make Out Paradise books?
A:Jiraiya
Q:(Neon Genesis Evangelion) In what year did the show start airing?
A:1995
Q:(Neon Genesis Evangelion)Who is the pilot of Unit-02?
A:asuka langley-soryu
A:asuka langley soryu
Q:(No Game No Life) How many races exist in Disboard?
A:16
A:sixteen
Q:(One Piece) According to the northblue fairytales, who is known as the trickster/liar telling the people about a golden city in jaya?
A:Montblanc Norland
A:noland
Q:(One Piece) During the marineford arc, who opened Marco's cuffs?
A:Mr.3
A:3
A:mr3
A:mr 3
Q:(One Piece) How many hours a day did warden Magellan actually control the prisoners?
A:4
A:four
Q:(One Piece) How many movies are made on onepiece franchise?
A:13
A:thirteen
Q:(One Piece) In which Island was sanji in near to death situation?
A:Fishman island
Q:(One Piece) In which country was Law born?
A:Flevance
Q:(One Piece) Luffy ate what Devil Fruit?
A:Gomu Gomu
A:gum gum
Q:(One Piece) Name the doctor of Gol D roger pirates.:
A:Crocus
Q:(One Piece) On which island is Syrup village located?
A:Gecko
Q:(One Piece) What did Sanji think Croccus was at the first time he saw him?
A:Flower
Q:(One Piece) What does Piiman want to be when he grows up?
A:Carpenter
Q:(One Piece) What does Tamanegi want to be when he grows up?
A:Author
Q:(One Piece) What fruit did Bartholomew Kuma eat?
A:Pawpaw fruit
A:Pawpaw
A:paw paw
Q:(One Piece) What fruit did the marine Shu eat?
A:Rust rust fruit
A:rustrust fruit
A:rust rust
A:rustrust
A:sabi sabi no mi
Q:(One Piece) What is A water spirit Q:(or fairy) that dwells on ships called?
A:Klabautermann
Q:(One Piece) What is Croccus' zodiac sign?
A:Gemini
Q:(One Piece) What is Igaram's wife's name?
A:Teracotta
Q:(One Piece) What is Nami's village called?
A:Cocoyashi village
A:cocoyashi
Q:(One Piece) What is Wiper's weapon called?
A:Burn bazooka
Q:(One Piece) What is chopper's godfather's name?
A:Dr. Hiluluk
A:hiluluk
Q:(One Piece) What is franky's real name?
A:Cutty flam
Q:(One Piece) What is robin's mother's name?
A:Nico Olivia
A:olivia
Q:(One Piece) What is the 1st chapter named?
A:Romance dawn
Q:(One Piece) What is the Birthplace of robin called?
A:Ohara
Q:(One Piece) What is the name of Dracule Mihawk's black sword?
A:yoru
Q:(One Piece) What is the name of Tsuru's devilfruit?
A:Woshu woshu fruit
A:Wash wash fruit
A:wash wash
A:woshu woshu
Q:(One Piece) What is the name of Whitebeard's flag ship?
A:Moby dick
Q:(One Piece) What is the name of Zoro's teacher and Kuina's father?
A:Koshiro
Q:(One Piece) What is the name of character from sabaody+fishman island arc who is always ignored?
A:Pappagu
Q:(One Piece) What is the name of the Vice Admiral to whom Ace had to deliver a message during Ace's Great Blackbeard Search?
A:Comil
Q:(One Piece) What is the name of the cigarette brand Sanji smokes?
A:king grand
Q:(One Piece) What is the name of the gorgon sisters who is in love with luffy?
A:Boa hancock
A:hancock
Q:(One Piece) What is the name of the host of corrida collesium?
A:Mr.gyats
A:gyats
A:mr gyats
A:mr. gyats
Q:(One Piece) What is the name of the logpose variation which is permanently set to a specific island?
A:Eternal pose
Q:(One Piece) What is the name of the plant shown in the film Strong World which is toxic to animals?
A:Daft green
Q:(One Piece) What is the name of ussop's current weapon?
A:Kuro kabuto
A:black kabuto
A:kabuto
Q:(One Piece) What is the name of zombie which had Zoro's shadow?
A:Jigoro
Q:(One Piece) What is the name of zoro's sword which was destroyed by Shu?
A:Yubashiri
Q:(One Piece) What is the real name of Mr. 2,Bon kurei?
A:Bentham
Q:(One Piece) What kind of fighting style does Mr. 2 Bon Clay use?
A:Okama kenpo
Q:(One Piece) What year was the manga created?
A:1997
Q:(One Piece) What's the name of Rob Lucci's pet pidgeon?
A:Hattori
Q:(One Piece) What's the nickname that Sanji always uses for Zorro?
A:Marimo Q:(mosshead)
A:marimo
A:mosshead
Q:(One Piece) When Trafalgar Law came to collect Luffy from the War at Marineford, who caught Luffy and Jinbe when they were thrown to them?
A:Jean Bart
Q:(One Piece) Where did Ussop train during the 2 years gap?
A:Boing island
A:boing
Q:(One Piece) Where did franky train during the 2 years gap?
A:Barujima karakuri island
A:barujima karakuri
Q:(One Piece) Where did sanji train during the 2 years gap?
A:Kamabakka kingdom
Q:(One Piece) Where did the strawhat crew find Dorry and Broggy fighting?
A:Little garden
Q:(One Piece) Which Baroque Works frontier agent was defeated first?
A:Miss Monday
Q:(One Piece) Which Baroque Works officer agent has no special power from a devil fruit?
A:Miss Goldenweek
Q:(One Piece) Which Yarukiman Grove was excessively uprooted by Kizaru?
A:27
A:grove 27
A:grove27
Q:(One Piece) Which character has a bounty under a pseudonym?
A:Usopp
Q:(One Piece) Which one from the 11 Supernovas is a woman?
A:Jewelry Bonney
A:bonney
Q:(One Piece) Which type of Dial emits a stream of "Iron cloud" which can be shaped and used for defense and attack?
A:Eisen Dial
A:eisen
Q:(One Piece) Which village is Zoro from?
A:Simotsuki village
A:simotsuki
Q:(One Piece) Whitebeard was stabbed by his own ally. Who was it?
A:Squard
Q:(One Piece) Who calls himself the lover of gossip?
A:Fukurou
A:fukuro
Q:(One Piece) Who did Luffy fight before them joining the crew?
A:Franky
Q:(One Piece) Who gave shanks his straw hat?
A:Gol D. Roger
A:Roger
A:gol d roger
A:goldroger
Q:(One Piece) Who has a goal of mapping the world?
A:Nami
Q:(One Piece) Who has a goal of wanting to discover the true history of the world?
A:Robin
Q:(One Piece) Who has a natural weakness to Luffy's power?
A:Enel
Q:(One Piece) Who in the fleet was the first to faint after meeting Dorry and Brogy?
A:Karoo
Q:(One Piece) Who is "the child of demons"?
A:Robin
Q:(One Piece) Who is able to use the CP9 technique "moon walk" Q:(bounce on air) from strawhats?
A:sanji
Q:(One Piece) Who is the 8th division commander from the whitebeard pirates?
A:Namur
Q:(One Piece) Who is the Fifth Commander of the Whitebeard Pirates?
A:vista
Q:(One Piece) Who is the Pirate King?
A:Gol D. Roger
A:Gol D Roger
Q:(One Piece) Who is the creator of the sun pirates?
A:Fisher tiger
A:tiger
Q:(One Piece) Who is the navigator of the Straw Hat Pirates?
A:Nami
Q:(One Piece) Who is the oldest person of the crew?
A:Brook
Q:(One Piece) Who is the only known fishman devilfruit eater?
A:Vander decken
Q:(One Piece) Who is the only named camel in the series?
A:Eyelashes
Q:(One Piece) Who is the user of Hana hana nomi?
A:Nico robin
A:robin
Q:(One Piece) Who is the vice captainQ:(fuku-senchou) of Buggys crew?
A:Mohji
Q:(One Piece) Who is the youngest shichibukai?
A:Law
Q:(One Piece) Who said this? "Miracles only happen to those who give up":
A:Ivankov
Q:(One Piece) Who uses the move "Out-of-the-bag"?
A:captain kuro
A:kuro
Q:(One Piece) Who was stuck on the same island as Zoro?
A:Perona
Q:(One Piece) Who was the first corazon?
A:Vergo
Q:(One Piece) Who was the first zoan type user to appear in the series?
A:Dalton
Q:(One Piece) Who was the fleet admiral before sengoku?
A:Kong
Q:(One Piece) Whose crew did Nami work for before joining Luffy's crew?
A:Arlong
A:Arlong's
Q:(One Piece) Whose laughing style is this :"chapapapapapa"?
A:Fukurou
A:fukuro
Q:(One Punch Man) Bang is also known as_?
A:Silver Fang
A:Greatest Treasure of Martial Arts
Q:(One Punch Man) How long did Saitama train for before he became strong?
A:A year and a half
A:1.5 years
A:year and a half
Q:(One Punch Man) How old is Metal Bat?
A:17
A:seventeen
Q:(One Punch Man) How old is Saitama?
A:25
A:twentyfive
Q:(One Punch Man) What are Genos' tears made of?
A:oil
Q:(One Punch Man) What city does Saitama live in?
A:Z-city
A:z city
A:z
Q:(One Punch Man) What city is the headquarters of the Hero Association in?
A:A-city
A:A city
A:A
Q:(One Punch Man) What is Bang's brother's fighting style?
A:Whirlwind Iron Cutting Fist
Q:(One Punch Man) What is Bang's fighting style?
A:Water Stream Rock Smashing Fist
Q:(One Punch Man) What is Bang's older brother's name?
A:Bomb
Q:(One Punch Man) What is Dr. Bofoi's hero name?
A:Metal Knight
Q:(One Punch Man) What is Genos' hero name?
A:Demon Cyborg
Q:(One Punch Man) What is Metal Knight's real name?
A:Bofoi
Q:(One Punch Man) What is Saitama also known as?
A:Caped Baldy
Q:(One Punch Man) What is Saitama's hero profile number?
A:3402
Q:(One Punch Man) What is Tsumaki also known as?
A:Tornado of Terror
Q:(One Punch Man) What is the Japanese name?
A:Wanpanman
Q:(One Punch Man) What is the group headed by Fubuki?
A:The Blizzard Group
A:blizzard group
Q:(One Punch Man) What is the name of Mumen Rider's bicycle?
A:Bicycle of Justice
A:Justice
Q:(One Punch Man) Where did Saitama work before becoming a hero?
A:convenience store
Q:(One Punch Man) Where is Child Emperor's lab located?
A:Y-city
A:Y city
A:y
Q:(One Punch Man) Which character uses a technique called "Ultimate Hellfire Wavemotion Cannon"?
A:King
Q:(One Punch Man) Who created the Hero Association?
A:Agoni
Q:(One Punch Man) Who is Tsumaki's younger sister?
A:Fubuki
Q:(One Punch Man) Who is also known as the "Human Monster"?
A:Garou
Q:(One Punch Man) Who is known as the Blizzard of Hell?
A:Fubuki
Q:(One Punch Man) Who is the Class S Rank 4 Hero?
A:Atomic Samurai
Q:(One Punch Man) Who is the Rank 1 Class S Hero?
A:Blast
Q:(One Punch Man) Who is the leader of the Dark Matter Thieves?
A:Boros
Q:(One Punch Man) Who is the leader of the Monster Association?
A:Psykos
Q:(One Punch Man) Who is the main protagonist?
A:Saitama
Q:(One Punch Man) Who is the youngest hero in the Hero Association?
A:Child Emperor
Q:(One Punch Man) Who uses a bamboo shoot spear?
A:Stinger
Q:(One Punch Man) Who was a Mysterious Being that was created when a man ate too much crab and underwent metamorphosis?
A:Crablante
Q:(One Punch Man) Who was the leader of the seafolk?
A:Deep Sea King
Q:(Ouran High School Host Club) Where is the host club located?
A:"Music Room #3"
A:Music Room 3
A:Third Music Room
A:3rd Music Room
Q:(Ouran High School Host Club) Who is mistaken for a boy in the anime?
A:Haruhi
Q:(Pokemon) In the original Japanese version, what is Ash Ketchum's name?
A:Satoshi
Q:(Pokemon) Pokemon was created by Stoshi Tajiri in which year?
A:1996
Q:(Pokemon) What Pokemon is Todd Snap trying to take a picture of?
A:Articuno
Q:(Pokemon) What building in Lavender Town is filled with graves?
A:Pokemon Tower
Q:(Pokemon) What did May enjoy competing in?
A:Pokemon Contests
A:Pokemon Contest
Q:(Pokemon) What is the name of Brock's father?
A:Flint
Q:(Pokemon) What is the name of May's younger brother?
A:Max
Q:(Pokemon) What is the name of Ritchie's Pikachu?
A:Sparky
Q:(Pokemon) What is the name of the friend who travels with Ash during only the Orange Islands arc?
A:Tracey Sketchit
A:Tracey
Q:(Pokemon) What region is Ash from?
A:Kanto
Q:(Pokemon) What region is Dawn from?
A:Sinnoh
Q:(Pokemon) What starter pokemon did Ash Ketchum originally intend to choose?
A:Squirtle
Q:(Pokemon) Who aspires to be a Pokemon Watcher?
A:Tracey Sketchit
A:Tracey
Q:(Pokemon) Who did Brock leave Ash to work for?
A:Professor Ivy
Q:(Pokemon) Who is a Pokemon Connoisseur?
A:Cilan
Q:(Pokemon) Who is the Professor of the Hoenn region?
A:Professor Birch
Q:(Pokemon) Who is trying to become a Pokemon Performer?
A:Serena
Q:(Ranma 1/2) What does Ryouga turn into when he gets doused with cold water?
A:pig
A:a pig
Q:(Ranma 1/2) What is Ranma most afraid of?
A:cats
A:cat
Q:(Rave Master) What is Haru's last name?
A:Glory
Q:(Rave Master) What is the name of Haru's sword?
A:Ten Commandments
Q:(Rave Master) What was Elie's old name?
A:Resha
Q:(Rave Master) What's 3713 real name?
A:Elie
Q:(Rave Master) Who is a known pervert?
A:Griffon Kato
A:Griffon
Q:(Rave Master) Who is the bearer of the Rave Stone?
A:Plue
Q:(Rave Master) Who was the Rave Master before Haru?
A:Shiba
Q:(Rurouni Kenshin) How does Kenshin eventually die?
A:Tuberculosis
Q:(Rurouni Kenshin) How old is Kenshin Himura in the beginning of the anime?
A:TwentyEight
A:Twenty-Eight
A:twenty eight
A:28
Q:(Rurouni Kenshin) Kenshin calls himself a rurouni. What is a rurouni?
A:Wandering Swordsman
A:Wanderer
Q:(Rurouni Kenshin) The Meiji Era took place after the fall of what era?
A:Tokugawa
Q:(Rurouni Kenshin) This character was the captain of the third squad of the Shinsengumi and later became a policeman...?
A:Saitou Hajime
A:Saitou
Q:(Rurouni Kenshin) What does Kaoru use as a weapon?
A:Bokken
Q:(Rurouni Kenshin) What does Yahiko use as a weapon?
A:Shinai
Q:(Rurouni Kenshin) What illegal drug did Takani Megumi make?
A:Opium
Q:(Rurouni Kenshin) What is Sanosuke's last name?
A:Sagara
A:Higashidani
Q:(Rurouni Kenshin) What is the name of Kenshin's master?
A:Hiko
Q:(Rurouni Kenshin) What is the name of Kenshin's son?
A:Kenji
Q:(Rurouni Kenshin) What is the name of Kenshin's sword style?
A:Hiten Mitsurugi
Q:(Rurouni Kenshin) What is the name of the girl Kenshin accidentally killed?
A:Tomoe Yukishiro
A:Tomoe
Q:(Rurouni Kenshin) What is the name of the principle of "swords that give life"?
A:katsujinken
Q:(Rurouni Kenshin) What is the name of the principle of "swords that kill"?
A:satsujinken
Q:(Rurouni Kenshin) What type of sword does Kenshin use Q:(japanese for reverse blade sword)?
A:Sabakou
Q:(Rurouni Kenshin) What was Kenshin's nickname during the Meji Revolution?
A:Hitokiri Battousai
A:Battousai the Manslayer
A:Battousai
Q:(Rurouni Kenshin) What was Yahiko before he was rescued?
A:Pickpocket
Q:(Rurouni Kenshin) Who is Kaoru's pupil?
A:Myojin Yahiko
A:Yahiko
Q:(Rurouni Kenshin) Who is in love with Kenshin Himura?
A:Kaoru Kamiya
A:Kaoru
Q:(Sailor Moon) What are the Sailor Senshi named after?
A:Planets
Q:(Sailor Moon) Who is the love interest of Sailor Moon?
A:Tuxedo Mask
A:Mamoru Chiba
A:Mamoru
A:Endymion
Q:(Sailor Moon) Who was Minako's crime-fighting alter ego before she became Sailor Venus?
A:sailor v
Q:(Samurai Champloo) What does the samurai who Fuu is looking for smell like?
A:Sunflowers
A:Sunflower
Q:(Samurai Champloo) What is Jin's totem?
A:Koi Fish
A:Koi
Q:(Samurai Champloo) What is Mugen's totem?
A:Rooster
Q:(Samurai Champloo) What is the name of Fuu's flying squirrel?
A:Momo
Q:(Shinshi Doumei Kurosu) Who is the main female character?
A:Haine Otomiya
A:Haine
Q:(Shokugeki No Soma) What is the graduation rate at Totsuki Culinary Academy?
A:1%
A:1
A:One
Q:(Shokugeki No Soma) What is the name of the Culinary Academy?
A:Totsuki Culinary Academy
A:Totsuki
Q:(Shokugeki No Soma) What is the term referring to a cooking duel allows students to settle debates and arguments?
A:shokugeki
Q:(Shokugeki no Soma) What was Joichiro Yukihira's original name?
A:Joichiro Saiba
A:Saiba Joichiro
A:Saiba
Q:(Shokugeki no Soma) Who is the 10th seat on the Elite Ten Council?
A:Erina Nakiri
A:Erina
Q:(Shokugeki no Soma) Who is the 7th seat on the Elite Ten Council?
A:Satoshi Isshiki
A:Isshiki
Q:(Slam Dunk) Sakuragi Hanamichi plays what position for Shohoku?
A:Power Forward
Q:(Steins;Gate) How old is Mayuri Shiina?
A:16
Q:(Steins;Gate) How old is Rintaro Okabe?
A:18
Q:(Steins;Gate) In what area of Tokyo does Steins;Gate take place?
A:Akihabara
Q:(Steins;Gate) Steins;Gate is a collaboration work between 5pb. and who?
A:Nitro+
Q:(Steins;Gate) What anime does Kurisu's online name reference?
A:Dragon Ball Z
A:DBZ
Q:(Steins;Gate) What does the team call the text messages sent to the past?
A:Dmail
A:d-mail
Q:(Steins;Gate) What is Mayuri's favorite hobby?
A:Cosplay
Q:(Steins;Gate) What is Okabe's favorite drink?
A:Dk Pepper
Q:(Steins;Gate) What is Rintaro's landlord's name?
A:Yugo
A:Mr Braun
Q:(Steins;Gate) What is the name of Okabe's Laboratory?
A:Future Gadget Laboratory
Q:(Steins;Gate) What is the name of the ability to retain memories across world lines?
A:Reading Steiner
Q:(Steins;Gate) What is written on the Lab Members badge?
A:OSHMKUFA 2010
Q:(Steins;Gate) What name does Okabe call Kurisu?
A:Christina
Q:(Steins;Gate) What nickname does Rintaro give to Moeka?
A:Shining Finger
Q:(Steins;Gate) What will happen to Mayuri when Mayuri's pocket watch stops working?
A:Death
A:Dies
A:die
A:She dies
Q:(Steins;Gate) Who ate Kurisu's pudding?
A:Rintaro Okabe
A:Rintaro
A:Okabe
Q:(Steins;Gate) Who does Mayuri work for?
A:Faris
Q:(Steins;Gate) Who is the sixth person that is shown in the opening?
A:Rintaro Okabe
A:Rintaro
A:Okabe
Q:(Steins;Gate) Why does Mayuri stay with Okabe?
A:She's his hostage
A:Hostage
Q:(Sword Art Online) What is the second game Kirito goes into?
A:Alfheim Online
A:Alfheim
Q:(The Last Airbender) What is the name of Aang's flying bison?
A:Appa
Q:(The Last Airbender) What is the name of the evil prince that tries to capture Aang?
A:prince zuko
A:zuko
Q:(Tokyo Mew Mew) What type of animal power does Bu-Ling have?
A:Golden Lion Tamarin
Q:(Tokyo Mew Mew) Who was the Blue Knight?
A:Masaya
Q:(Trigun) What was Vash's brother called?
A:Knife
Q:(Tsubasa Chronicle) What does the gang needed to collect?
A:Princess Sakura's feathers
A:feathers
Q:(Ultra Maniac) What is the name of the main character who is also a witch?
A:Nina Sakura
A:Nina
Q:(Yu Yu Hakasho) What is Yuskey's close advisor and ghost friend?
A:Botan
Q:(Yu Yu Hakusho) What level computer does Mitari have to fight in Game Master's territory?
A:7
A:seven
Q:(Zatch Bell) What color is Kyo's spell book?
A:red

-------------------
----- General -----
-------------------
Q:After Watase Yuu's creation of "Fushigi Yuugi", which famous shoujo anime did she make?
A:Ayashi no Ceres
Q:As of 2015, among all the 17 long anime movies Hayao Miyazaki participated in, how many did he direct?
A:11
A:eleven
Q:Basketball Anime that came out in 2012?
A:Kuroko No Basket
Q:English name of Kuroshitsuji?
A:Black Butler
Q:For which anime were these songs written: "Cha La Head Cha La" and "Boku-tachi wa Tenshi Datta"?
A:Dragon Ball Z
Q:In what CLAMP anime is there a little Persocon named Chii?
A:Chobits
Q:In yaoi pairing, what is the "receiving", "bottom", or passive partner known as?
A:uke
Q:In yaoi pairing, what is the "top" or dominant partner known as?
A:seme
Q:It's common in anime for a character to pull their lower eyelid down to taunt someone. What is this called?
A:akanabe
Q:Maka Albarn is from what anime?
A:soul eater
Q:Sakura Kinamoto is the heroine of 'Cardcaptor Sakura'. In which CLAMP manga/anime does she also appear?
A:"Tsubasa: Reservoir Chronicle"
A:Tsubasa
A:Tsubasa Reservoir Chronicle
A:Tsubasa - Reservoir Chronicle
Q:Sakura, Sasuke, Rock Lee, and Kakashi are all characters from which anime?
A:Naruto
Q:The practice of dressing up like anime characters in Japan is called?
A:cosplay
Q:Usagi Tsukino is better known as...?
A:Sailor Moon
Q:When was the first known Japanese animation produced?
A:1917

--- What? ---
Q:What anime character type is known as a quiet and often antisocial character?
A:dandere
Q:What anime is about samurai swordsmen in a hip hop setting?
A:Samurai Champloo
Q:What character type is a heroine that started as a villain trying to kill the protagonist but then switched to his side after falling in love with him?
A:mayadere
Q:What character type is very loving and gentle to someone before their devotion becomes destructive in nature, often through violence and/or brutality?
A:yandere
Q:What genre of anime covers female to female sexual relationships?
A:Yuri
Q:What genre of anime covers male to male sexual relationships?
A:Yaoi
Q:What is Kazuki Takahashi best known as the creator of?
A:yu-gi-oh
A:yu-gi-oh!
Q:What is a Japanese term for a character development process that describes a person who is initially cold and even hostile towards another person before gradually showing their warm side over time?
A:tsundere
Q:What is a popular anime/manga character archetype that derives from the Japanese pronunciation of the English word 'cool'?
A:kuudere
A:coodere
Q:What is name for the rabbit-like creatures from CLAMP?
A:mokona
Q:What is the one CLAMP manga that does not crossover with 'Tsubasa: Reservoir Chronicles'?
A:Wish
Q:What was the other name of the popular anime known as Samurai X?
A:Rurouni Kenshin

--- Which? ---
Q:Which 2011 magical girl anime features Grief Seeds, witches, a mysterious white creature called Kyubey, and the characters Homura, Sayaka and Mami?
A:Puella Magi Madoka Magica
Q:Which Hayao Miyazaki movie was based off of a book by a British author named Dianna Wynne Jones?
A:Castle in the sky
Q:Which anime involves a Corgi hound named Ein as one of the characters?
A:cowboy bebop
Q:Which genre is aimed at girls between 10-18?
A:shoujo
Q:Which manga made by CLAMP was named after a plant?
A:clover
Q:Which series features a location called the Soul Society?
A:Bleach

--- Type? ---
Q:Type of anime about innocent young girls using a magical object to transform into a superhero version of themselves?
A:magical girl
A:mahou shoujo
A:majokko
Q:Type of anime aimed at adult women?
A:josei
Q:Type of anime aimed at young boys under the age of fifteen?
A:shonen
Q:Type of anime aimed at young men between the ages of 15-24?
A:seinen
Q:Type of anime largely focused on one distinct aspect: pilotable robots?
A:mecha
A:robot
Q:Type of anime where one male character, the protagonist, at the center of a group of female characters who are all vying for his romantic affections?
A:harem
Q:Type of anime which do not show sexual intercourse or genitalia, but sexual themes are referenced?
A:ecchi
