---------------------------------------- ⸢⸥
--- A Thousand Questions With Paimon ---
----------------------------------------
https://game8.co/games/Genshin-Impact/archives/314393
adapted for no multiple choice

--- Character ---
Q:Diluc's Passive Talent ⸢Tradition of the Dawn Knight⸥ refunds how many % of the ore used when crafting Claymore-type weapons?
A:15
A:Fifteen

Q:Which of the following characters did not have a pet tortoise as a child? Diluc, Jean, Amber
A:Amber

Q:When Kaeya is in the party, character Stamina Consumption for what is decreased?
A:Sprinting
A:Sprint
A:Running
A:Run

Q:When Xiangling uses her Elemental Skill, Guoba will deal AoE Pyro DMG how many times?
A:4
A:Four

Q:Amber is the Knights of Favonius' only _____?
A:Outrider

Q:How many members does Benny's Adventure Team have?
A:1
A:One

Q:In Jean's Story Quest ⸢Leo Minor Chapter⸥ what is the name of Margaret's lost cat?
A:Prince

Q:Diona is a bartender at which Mondstadt tavern?
A:Cat's Tail
A:Cats Tail

Q:What pet would Qiqi like to have most?
A:Finch

Q:What is Amber the champion of in Mondstadt?
A:Gliding

Q:What is Keqing's title in the Liyue Qixing?
A:Yuheng

Q:Which of the following characters (Kaeya, Mona, Varka, Albedo, Lisa) does not belong to the Knights of Favonius?
A:Mona

Q:Who is the Eighth Fataui Harbringer?
A:La Signora
A:Signora

Q:Who wrote the Favonius Survival Rulebook for Klee?
A:Kaeya

Q:Xinyan is Liyue Harbor's sole _____ musician?
A:Rock 'n' Roll
A:Rock n Roll
A:Rock and Roll

Q:Which of the following characters (Diluc, Sucrose, Hu Tao, Noelle, Razor) can provide a bonus when forging the Whiteblind?
A:Diluc

Q:Diluc used to be the Knights of Favonius' _____?
A:Cavalry Captain

Q:Xingqiu is the second son of Liyue Harbor's _____?
A:Feiyun Commerce Guild

Q:Sucrose is the assistant of the genius alchemist called?
A:Albedo

Q:What is Fischl's position at the Adventurers' Guild?
A:Investigator

Q:What is Beidou's fleet called?
A:The Crux Fleet
A:Crux Fleet
A:The Crux
A:Crux

--- Talent and Reaction ---
Q:Which element cannot trigger a Swirl reaction with Anemo?
A:Geo

Q:Out of the constructs that Zhongli, Ningguang, and the Geo Traveler summon, whose can't be climbed?
A:Ningguang

Q:⸢Protective Canopy⸥ provides how many % RES against all elements to all party members?
A:15
A:Fifteen

Q:The Fortune-Preserving Talisman formed by Qiqi's Passive Talent ⸢A Glimpse Into Arcanum⸥ lasts for how many seconds after being triggered?
A:6
A:Six

Q:How many Elemental Resonances can a single party have active at once?
A:2
A:Two

Q:How many times will Diona's Elemental Burst heal a character?
A:6
A:Six

Q:What is Diona's Constellation called?
A:Feles

Q:What is the Energy Cost of Diluc's Elemental Burst?
A:40
A:Forty

Q:What reaction will occur when a Pyro Elemental Attack is used against Anemo Hypostasis?
A:Swirl

Q:Which of the following characters (Keqing, Razor, Kaeya, Klee, Xingqiu) will not have their Charged Attacks infused by Cryo DMG by Chongyun's ⸢Spirit Blade: Chonghua's Layered Frost⸥?
A:Klee

Q:Which of the following Elemental Resonances can reduce the CD of Elemental Skills?
A:Impetuous Winds
A:Anemo

Q:What is the maximum number of Electro Sigils that Razor's Elemental Skill can generate?
A:3
A:Three

Q:Mona can enter ⸢Illusory Torrent⸥ to create Phantoms but must be near enemies and for how many seconds?
A:2
A:Two

Q:How long is Oz's time on the field provided he is only summoned once?
A:10
A:Ten

Q:How many Fortify stacks can Zhongli's Passive Talent ⸢Resonant Waves⸥ provide?
A:5
A:Five

Q:Which of Noelle's stats affects the DMG absorption of the shield created by her Elemental Skill?
A:DEF
A:Defense

Q:Hu Tao's Talent ⸢Flutter By⸥ increases allies' CRIT Rate by 12% for how many seconds?
A:8
A:Eight

--- Enemy ---
Q:Which element is most efficient at removing the empowerment from a Electrohammer Vanguard?
A:Cryo

Q:How many weak spots does a Ruin Guard have?
A:2
A:Two

Q:Which Hilichurl tribes does not appear at Dadaupa Gorge?
A:Lunar Tribe
A:Lunar

Q:What is the customary Hilichurl greeting?
A:Olah

Q:What does it say on the Unusual Hilichurl's mask?
A:Wei

Q:Which element is the most efficient at breaking the Hydro Abyss Mage's shield?
A:Cryo

Q:When Hydro is used to extinguish the Hilichurl Berserker's torch, what does the Hilichurl Berserker take out?
A:Match
A:Matchstick

--- Boss ---
Q:How many types of Hydro Mimics can the Oceanid summon in total?
A:8

Q:What is the name of the Anemo Hypostasis?
A:Beth

Q:When does the Boreas fight refresh?
A:Monday

Q:When fighting Electro Hypostasis, which element is unable to decrease the HP of its prisms?
A:Hydro

Q:Which element, except Cryo, is Boreas immune to?
A:Anemo

Q:Other than the weak point at the base of the Cryo Regisvine's stem, what is the other weak point?
A:Corolla

Q:What reaction will occur when an Elemental Attack is used against Anemo Hypostasis:?
A:Swirl

Q:From  ⸢Memories: Storming Terror I⸥ which Ascension Materials can be obtained other than Vayuda Turquoise and Varunada Lazurite?
A:Vajrada Amethyst

Q:Primo Geovishaps change their element as the battle progresses. Which element can they not change to?
A:Anemo

Q:Which element can attack the Pyro Regisvine's weak points most effectively?
A:Hydro

--- Location and Misc. ---
Q:Who is the owner of the best pharmacy in Liyue Harbor, Bubu Pharmacy?
A:Baizhu

Q:Donna, an assistant at Floral Whisper flower store, is infatuated with who?
A:Diluc

Q:Which location can Musk Reef be reached via a black hole?
A:Cape Oath

Q:How many Ley Line challenges can exist in Mondstadt and Liyue at any one time?
A:4

Q:How often does the Rite of Descension, one of Liyue's traditional ceremonies, occur?
A:Once a year
A:Yearly

Q:In Liyue, there is a plant that carefully listens to people's singing. What is this plant called?
A:Glaze Lily
A:Glaze Lilies

Q:The Karst Crawlers at Mt. Hulao can entrap anyone who steps on them, covering the intruder in amber. Who planted those plants?
A:Mountain Shaper

Q:Where can the Symbol of Mondstadt's Hero be found?
A:Windrise

Which flower means "true feeling of the prodigal son" in the language of flowers?
A:Cecilia
A:Cecilias

Q:What does "Lupical" mean?
A:Family

Q:What is the name of the bartender at the Angel's Share?
A:Charles

Q:What is the name of the hotel where the Fatui diplomats were staying during Mondstadt's Stormterror issue?
A:Goth Grand Hotel

Q:What is the name of the Night Shift Guard of the Northland Bank?
A:Nadia

Q:Which location is not covered by the Teyvat Travel Guide?
A:Wuwang Hill

Q:Which of the Archons was Mora named after?
A:Geo Archon
A:Geo
A:Zhongli
A:Morax

Q:Which area contains Philanemo Mushrooms (any one of the three)?
A:Springvale
A:Dawn Winery
A:Mondstadt

Q:Where can you buy Violetgrass (any one of the two)?
A:Wangshu Inn
A:Bubu Pharmacy

Q:Who wrote the Teyvat Travel Guides?
A:Alice

Q:What is the signature dish at Wangshu Inn?
A:Almond Tofu

Q:Which of the following locations (Nantianmen, Starfell Lake, Falcon Coast) does not belong to the Mondstadt region?
A:Nantianmen

Q:Which of the following plants (Valberry, Sweet Flower, Wolfhook) is not unique to Mondstadt?
A:Sweet Flower

Q:In Stormterror's Lair, which regional specialty can be found most?
A:Windwheel Aster

Q:Which place's topography is the result of an Archon hurling giant spears of rock during a time of war?
A:Guyun Stone Forest

Q:How many works of calligraphy are there in Wangshu Inn?
A:6
A:Six

Q:In the current live version of Genshin Impact, what is the maximum quantity of Condensed Resin that can be held at once?
A:5
A:Five

Q:Which of the following locations (Brightcrown Canyon, Dihua Marsh, Sal Terrae) does not belong to the Liyue Region?
A:Brightcrown Canyon

Q:What is Wangshu Inn's cat called?
A:Wei

Q:During the Windblume Festival event ⸢The Great Bubble Crash⸥ how many bubbles may there be in a row?
A:5
A:Five

Q:Which location can you buy Holy Water?
A:Springvale

Q:Which of the following items (Horsetail, Jueyun Chili, Valberry) does not belong to the Liyue region?
A:Valberry

Q:Based on what factor does the Fullness meter return to normal from full?
A:Time

Q:Which character cannot obtain Companionship EXP?
A:Traveler
A:Traveller
A:Aether
A:Lumine

Q:What is the load limit of a Wind Catcher?
A:5
A:Five

Q:At which Liyue Restaurant can you try Xiangling's cooking?
A:Wanmin Restaurant

Q:In Peculiar Wonderland, how many minigames are available?
A:8
A:Eight

Q: Where do the people of Liyue believe that adepti dwell in?
A:Jueyun Karst

Q:Who is "that red, burny friend" mentioned by Razor?
A:Klee

Q:How many elements make up the continent of Teyvat?
A:7
A:Seven

Q:What is needed to convert elemental Character Ascension Materials to another element?
A:Dust of Azoth

Q:What is the CD of the Parametric Transformer?
A:7 days
A:168 hours
A:168 hrs
A:168hrs

Q:What is the maximum number of characters that can be displayed in a friend's Character Showcase?
A:8
A:Eight

Q:How many boss enemies are currently recorded in the Adventurer Handbook?
A:8
A:Eight

Q:Which of the following methods (Swimming, Sprinting, Jumping) increases the growth rate of the character's Sheer Cold meter?
A:Swimming

Q:At which Mondstadt Reputation Level is the Anemo Treasure Compass diagram obtained?
A:6
A:Six

Q:How many tunes can be played in the Windblume Festival event Ballads of Breeze?
A:4
A:Four

Q:Artifacts in the Thundering Fury set can be obtained from which domain?
A:Midsummer Courtyard
